Chiu: [exhausted sigh]
That was pretty rough.
But hey, here we are!
You're the first member
of the Beast King Commandos!
You're a Terrordactyl...
So why don't I call
you "Terry"! You like?
[approving screech]
[chuckling]
You want to
join too, Gomechan?
[agreeing chirps]
Alright, but you
have to remember
who's in charge
around here.
You got that?
Chiu: Is that a fire?
[questioning chirp]
No. Our real mission
is to the north.
Nova: My name is... Nova.
I'm the hero...
Of the North
The what?!
Dai: The Hero of the North?
Nova: I'll use a Zoom spell
and go rescue Zababa myself.
You best stay here.
I don't need the help
of a bunch of amateurs.
"Amateurs"?
Do you have any
idea know who we are?!
The self-proclaimed
"Heroes" from Papnica, right?
[unimpressed chuckle]
Why, you!
Bowson: That's enough, Nova.
What is it, Dad?
Wait, "Dad"?!
Bowson: Please excuse him.
Nova is my son, and Captain
of the Knights of Ringaia...
but his manners need work.
Nova, do not disrespect
the Hero's party!
Nova: What's wrong
with stating the truth?
Besides, I can't stand everybody
calling themselves Heroes.
There's only one
authentic Hero...
It's time the rest
of the world learned it.
You jerk!
That's our whole thing!
Popp! Calm down!
Hold me back, Dai!
We don't have time
for this - cut it out!
[fuming]
Dai: Wait. Nova, will you
please take us with you?
We have a better chance
if we fight together!
So then...
You must be Dai.
[chuckling]
Huh?!
That was...
An Aura Shot...
Crocodine [thought]: And
he's pretty skilled with it.
Nova: No, thanks.
I'll be taking
care of this alone.
I'd heard all of the rumors...
but having to be compared to
a tiny little shrimp like you?
It irritates me.
Anyway. I've got
somewhere to be.
Nova: Zoom!
Wait, Nova...
Get back here!
That snotty, little...
What a hopelessly
selfish Hero he is.
Please, forgive me.
I tried to keep the
boy modest and humble,
but these days,
he can barely hear me.
I mean, talk about arrogance!
Bowson: The Ringaia Army
was dispatched to Orzam
to keep them from being
wiped out - it was my call.
But then...
That's when...
The Dark Army
attacked our homeland.
Nova still believes that
he could have pushed back
against the siege if
he was there.
And who knows?
It was General Baran
who destroyed Ringaia.
Even if your son
had been there...
Guys like that don't learn
a thing until they get beat!
Maam: But it's much too
dangerous for him to go alone...
Popp: Yeah, well, he thinks
he's better off alone!
Leona: We could talk all day
about who's arrogant or
self-centered, or whatever.
But the port is our
strategic foothold in the area.
Leona's right.
We need to go help him!
Come on! Didn't he
get on your nerves?
Yeah... but it
doesn't matter to me.
He's a Hero, too.
The more formidable our
allies are, the better.
It really makes no difference
how many Heroes
there are, does it?
As long as we work together.
[laughing]
Dai. Looks like you
won this one, as well.
How...
Ah, well, how do you
see things so clearly?
Guess you're right again.
Let's go!
Okay!
We're going to fly ahead
and catch up with Nova.
Everyone else,
follow on foot.
Right. Got it!
Leona: Not so fast, Popp.
Leona: I had new
clothes made for you
from the same
material as Dai's.
Thanks, Princess.
But we're in a hurry.
Plus, there's nowhere
for me to change.
It's armor, not pajamas.
Wear it over your clothes!
Bowson: My son.
Can you...
Look... after him?
I will!
Soldiers: [pained groans]
Oh, look.
Another toy for
us to play with.
When will the real Hero
show his face at last?
Nova: [scoff]
I guess you three
can't see very well.
What?
The real Hero is
right in front of you.
Is he?
Nova!
Please sir, just run!
Th-That's right.
Wait until Dai gets here!
Listen to your friends here.
If you're so eager to fight,
you'd stand a better
chance if that boy,
Dai, was here as well.
Capeesh?
Popp: This stuff is amazing!
It's light, but it also feels
like it's tougher than steel!
Dai: Hey! Wait up.
I'm still getting used
to casting Levizoom
without my crest!
Well, if you insist.
Popp: Oh, well.
You keep getting
stronger and stronger
in ways no one
thought possible, so...
It kinda feels nice to still be
better than you at something.
Y'know?
Well... I guess so...
Popp: [laughing]
Nova: Don't make me
repeat myself.
Nova is the one true Hero.
Not this Dai!
Nova [thought]: All everyone
talks about is that kid...
What's so great about him?!
Hym: Stay back, everybody.
Egotistical fools like him...
They need to be
humbled, sometimes.
[roaring]
Hym: [laughing]
I suppose you
didn't get the memo
that my friends and I are
made of pure Orichalcum.
Nova: I see.
But, still.
Breaking my sword won't stop
this next attack I have planned.
Hym: What?!
Is that...
Aura Blade.
Orichalcum may be
tougher than steel,
but it can still be
broken by a greater force.
And the edge
created by my aura
is sharper than any
legendary weapon in creation!
Dai: There they are!
Popp: And Nova's all right!
Well, finally.
Nova!
Back off, kid!
But...
Wait. That's an Aura Blade.
He could win.
I said to stay back.
Come on.
Nova: Fine, then. Take this!
[roaring]
Northern...
Grand...
Blade!
[roaring]
Hey! He pulled it off! Great!
Not quite...
[chuckling]
Hym: That actually hurt.
Not badly, really,
but I guess for a mere human
it's something to be proud of.
[gasp]
[trembling]
Hym: I'm impressed.
For a first round...
that was kind of fun.
No, he's...
Impossible!
Not even a scratch?!
Dai [thought]: That should
have done something...
No matter how tough he is!
Hym: It's quite simple.
Even humans have
the ability to focus
what frail energy they have.
It's how you increase
defensive power.
So I thought I'd
try to give it a shot.
The thing is, I knew you
would aim for my head.
And if I focused
all my power there,
I could withstand
your attack.
Dai [thought]:
They're strong.
They're unlike any
enemy we've ever faced!
Popp [thought]:
One thing is clear.
They're not strong only because
they're made of Orichalcum...
They were created to fight.
All they know is combat...
living, breathing
weapons of war.
Total masters
of the battlefield.
Nova: Curse you.
Dai: Wait, Nova!
Don't touch me!
I still have...
Some strength!
My next attack-
Popp: Knock it off!
You're smart
enough to realize
how dangerous these
guys are, aren't you?
The mage is quite right.
Come on, we have
to work together!
Never!
What?!
I am the Hero of the North.
I will defeat them...
And without your help!
Dai: Look around you!
[pained groans]
They all need help.
Isn't protecting the people
what a real Hero
is supposed to do?!
Winning this fight...
will protect them!
That's not the way!
Shut up!
Nova!
Nova: I won't...
I won't let you
lecture me about being...
a Hero!
Needle...
Thousand.
[pained scream]
Nova!
Needle Thousand...
Isn't that a
but much? For him?
Albinass: It would be rude to
make our guest of honor wait.
Allow me a slightly
belated introduction.
We are Lord Hadlar's
loyal servants.
The Hadlar Royal Guard.
My role, the queen piece,
and the leader.
Albinass.
Hym, the pawn.
You must remember me, right?
I am the knight, and
controller of the battlefield,
Sigma.
It is a pleasure.
Fenbren: My name is Fenbren.
I am the bishop of the
Royal Guard, the hunter.
What's that?!
Ah, there's... one more.
Our ship?
What's going on?
Albinass: He is
Block, the rook.
He does not speak,
so I must introduce him.
Now, Block, that ship is of
great strategic importance.
Give it back!
Oh, no...
Everyone, run!
[pained yells]
Now, now, Block.
Do be careful.
[cackling]
Our ship...
Popp: Dai, this could
actually be our chance!
Right now they can't
see us through the fire
and clouds of smoke...
I'll use my Extreme Spell...
And finish them off!
"Extreme Spell"?
Popp: Yeah...
An ambush for an ambush.
Before they can
reveal their power,
I'll use my Medroa spell.
And take them out!
Dai: Popp, what is that?!
Popp: I'm going to
conjure a source of magic
that will annihilate
them in an instant...
This thing packs a punch!
Sweet!
My clothes don't burn!
Is that an arrow?! Amazing!
[proud chuckle]
I'll explain it to you later.
After I destroy these guys!
Where are they? We won?
Rather unlikely. Unless
they're weaker than I thought.
Hym: I guess
I'll go drag them out.
Sorry.
I still haven't memorized
your names and faces.
Popp: But it was
nice not knowing you.
Take this!
Nova: Hang on!
Nova?!
Not yet!
I haven't... been beaten!
Don't! A normal
spell won't work!
Maybe it won't, but...
they'll freeze long
enough to attack.
Kacrackle!
Now!
Popp - no!
What an impressive spell.
Ah, great!
Popp: Oh, no. That one can
deflect magic back at us!
Sigma: Indeed. This Mirror of
Shahal is the ultimate item.
It can reflect any
spell that hits it.
And at the same time...
It is the ultimate shield.
This is bad!
Matoriv: Listen up, Popp.
There's one thing I
have to warn you about
when using Medroa.
Watch out for any
counter spells.
Counters?
Matoriv: A Bounce
incantation can
deflect spells right
back at their conjurers.
There are also legendary
weapons imbued with
the same kind of power.
If the enemy has one,
you'd be toast.
You'll be the ones wiped out.
It's why I was too scared to
use this spell back in the day.
I'm fine dying
for my own mistake,
but I couldn't stand it if
I took my friends with me.
I see.
So it being too powerful...
is this spell's greatest
strength and weakness?
Popp: Now I can't use Medroa
against them, but... it's...
A silver lining, I guess.
We would have been obliterated
if it weren't for Nova.
Dai: Wait! Where is he?
[menacing chuckle]
Nova!
No! That guy's fast.
Come on...
D-Dai...
Nova: It looks like...
you were right... after all.
I guess...
I guess I'm...
not a... real Hero.
No Hero would be...
this pathetic.
I'm a...
I'm a fool...
Nova!
[laughing]
It seems the Hero has
learned his lesson.
Hym: Your whole
body is frozen.
I can shatter you
with a single punch.
Into a million pieces.
Don't!
You're a bunch of cowards!
Hym: You're wrong!
I know how he
feels all too well.
Some of us have integrity.
Our lives should have
a beautiful end instead of
living the rest of
our days in disgrace.
Right?
No!
Here's one... last lesson.
In this world...
Hym: There's always
someone more powerful.
And now...
goodbye!
Nova!
Time to perish... with glory!
Hym: At last!
N-No!
[evil laughter]
Hyunckel: You talk too
much, but you're right.
There is always someone...
Someone more powerful.
Hyunckel!
Narrator: Hyunckel, Maam,
and Crocodine rescue Nova
and free their friends
from the ice spell,
but a vicious
brawl is only beginning.
With the innate strength of
Hadlar's Orichalcum warriors
pitted against the battle-honed
teamwork of Dai's party...
Who will come out on top?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Team Battle Begins".